hey guys up its me like only 329 here
bringing a lego review it might have my
first like a lone ranger set review this
is the set number 79 107 d Comanche
campa had 161 pages ages 7 through 14
retails for about 20 US dollars and i
rewarded myself with some money i got in
the mail recently with my birthday and
it is my birthday today and of course he
sets awesomely came on my birthday which
is so exciting i got the moth walmart
com a few days ago i think that might be
so down now but hopefully they'll be in
store student these sets are pretty
awesome is my first letter interview
here's it front luck at your box here's
a look at the back of your box sorry if
I've sound really excited I just stand
because it's my birthday and these sets
are awesome this set includes one
instruction manual 37 pages of building
first off for minifigures is the lone
ranger himself and he's a great
minifigure betrayed by armie hammer in
the upcoming movie features two brand
new pistol Mulder just awesome coming
molded in a dull silver color that's a
great front torso printing great face
for taking the Hat is also new mode as
light birding also looks awesome there's
a look at Kemosabe from the back our
second minifigure here is tanto this is
the cheapest way currently that you can
get tanto which is a really great thing
he has a tomahawk which is a brand-new
piece is assuming Lee the time I think
it's actually just one piece and like
the blade part is kind of rubbery I
thought I was gonna be two pieces but
what everybody looks really great from
the front right there there's a better
look at his front torso printing that's
what tanto looks like from the back
there he is from the back and he
features a double-sided face third and
final magnifica here is the only
exclusive thicken inside and this is red
knee he's an Indian or a Native American
he looks pretty awesome he's got a great
new headdress piece of those horns and
all the detail looks really great from
the front right there there's a quick
look at him from the back yeah so
features back print taking a
double-sided face small little accessory
included with this head of this little
weapon stand it does feature a quiver on
the back there which is pretty cool got
skin a bow and arrow and a brown spear
definitely one of the coolest pieces in
this set is the canoe and we have not
seen a canoe Lego piece in so long you
do get a paddle with it it's a really
great piece it's really a thick plastic
I really like that and you can
definitely fit some mini figures and
they're at least like four or five it's
a really cool piece haven't seen one of
these in so long there's a quick look at
it really is awesome our next success
rates is a little rock scorpy
if it piece which is kind of cool you
can see you got some scorpions right
there there are three in total which is
really nice this little piece falls off
like crazy kind of annoying so you got
some bones here which is pretty cool
you'd see in the back that there's a
little lever that activates the Play
feature if you push down on that lever
it will cause the Scorpions to kind of
fly out a little bit hard to see but it
does work pretty well that's a nice
little feature alright so our final
accessory here is the teepee and
probably the best part about this say
it's made of this really cool plastic
material you got some of these in the
car sets and pirates the caribbean sets
it's not a new material but it's a
really rare material that's really cool
you can see some of the printed kind of
details on there are really really nice
you can also kind of open it up from the
front right here there's not really too
much going inside just a little
fireplace you can fits and many figures
in there if you want to get a better
view of the minifigures you can actually
just take off the sides here like that
and there's a bigger view of the inside
not too much going on there but it is
still pretty cool alright guys so far
birds here on the Lone Ranger community
campsite it's a really really cool set i
really do you likely get some great
minifigures great pieces that we haven't
seen in so long the teepee and all that
stuff it just a really cool looking set
in general I didn't give it an eight
point seven out of ten I would highly
recommend it even if it's kind of one of
the weaker set to the line it's still
fantastic so please go find me on my
social network sites like Facebook
Twitter Instagram please rate constant
scribe and i'll see you guys next time
bye